Hello friends with you and with me
Today will be a review of the clock is not for me
But in such a jar in general
watch g-shock on and everything is already and the meadow
let's open this jar we will get
yourself
But in general, the clock itself is so
will be ordinary predators if you like
here and
that these buttons here are two three four this on
arrow overtake i have written
g-shock clear let's end the thing is
protection
also chekist reviews
no one has a face
I think we can see not because
for some reason closer than the camera
nothing what 's worse
what to show what day of the week today
friday therefore show froids he
shows the number of sauce 8 August 8 were
10 and 7 and pyshechku there higher
the arrows themselves and the public can be like
may still be this because of the light
24 sheets are written here
that is, it means you are moving to
24 no, that's how it is without mode 24, that is
from 1 to 2 guests about this mode 24 then
there are from 1 to 20 pieces of the light Well
there is a backlight ice red and green
blue raised
man is even so golden
custody and publications
turquoise raspberry
but
teach raspberries but I now is not up to us.
it turns out with magic
and cut down colors because i myself
become available so us jackets
It seems to stick not all on this watch
ordinary hours by the way the buttons that
lets push it and we have to
seems to be like a time that i don't know what
so there is also a clock
here and Lenka second did not happen then
you can connect the stopwatch
so that I do not know what and here is all
status
cats can be changed
I do not know these watches
you were stones from saint petersburg i
promised video maximo so
subscribe to my channel all good luck and
bye everyone
loads